doc: add build instructions to the readme (#49)
openshift-knative/docs: README.md

# OpenShift Serverless Previews Documentation

OpenShift Serverless Previews provides documentation, tutorials and additonal
information about new products and features from OpenShift Serverless which are
not officially supported by Red Hat but may be available through Developer or
Technology Preview programs. These capabilities are provided for development
purposes only.  This repository contains the source files for the OpenShift
Serverless Previews documentation found at
https://openshift-knative.github.io/docs/.

> Current projects that fall into this category include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current projects in this category include:
```

* OpenShift Serverless Functions [Developer Preview] https://openshift-knative.github.io/docs/docs/functions/about-functions.html

## Building the Site

> If you would like to build this site locally, you will need to
> have the site generation tool,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build this site locally, you must use the site generation tool,
```

> [Antorra](https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.3/install/install-antora/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Antora](https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.3/install/install-antora/).
```

# OpenShift Serverless Previews Documentation

OpenShift Serverless Previews provides tutorials and information about
additional, advanced use cases and integrations that are possible using
OpenShift Container Platform and OpenShift Serverless, but are for development

> purposes only and are not officially supported by Red Hat.  This repository

Reviewer: I don't think this is really accurate, it's not advanced use cases or integrations, just developer preview features for OpenShift Serverless

Author: Fair enough. I was just copying from https://openshift-knative.github.io/docs/docs/index.html. I'll change that page as well.

contains the source files for the OpenShift Serverless Previews documentation

> found at https://openshift-knative.github.io.

Reviewer: This link doesn't work, needs to be https://openshift-knative.github.io/docs I think

Current projects that fall into this category include

* OpenShift Serverless Functions [Developer Preview] https://openshift-knative.github.io/docs/docs/functions/about-functions.html

## Building the Site

If you would like to build this site locally, you will need to have a recent

> version of Node.js installed, as well as the site formatting tool,

Reviewer: Not sure it's a "site formatting tool"? I'd just make this a bullet list instead. Also, I think Node is listed in the Antora docs as a pre-req anyway?

Author: ... site generation tool

> [antorra](https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.3/install/install-antora/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Antora](https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.3/install/install-antora/).
```

To build the site:

```
antora antora-playbook.yml
```

> You will find the output in `build/site`.

Reviewer: I haven't done this in a minute but I'll check tomorrow or something if this is accurate. You also need to copy the files over then to replace the old ones if you actually want to publish the changes.

Author: OK - I've added those instructions, and also added a `.gitignore` file so the build directory doesn't end up getting added to the git repo

Build and deploy Serverless applications using an event-driven infrastructure

> on Red Hat® OpenShift®.

Reviewer: This couple of lines seem very random, I'd remove it and also be careful about using the ®? I've never seen us use that in docs

Author: I honestly have no idea where this came from. I would not have written this myself, so assume I must have copy/pasted it from somewhere. But now that you mention it, I can't find where it was. I assumed it must have been on the site, but :shrug:. Will delete.
